Start migration to UI-Lib (#36)
wix/react-native-keyboard-tracking-view: README.md

# Important: deprecation alert

> This library is being deprecated, please start migrating to [RN-UILib](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib/).  

Reviewer: I think worth saying that the repo will not be maintained anymore, but the component has moved to uilib.. 
otherwise it sounds like we're removing the component entirely.

Author: Fixed.

If you want to try out our excelent (and constantly improving) UI compoenent library, please use:  
```
import {Keyboard} from 'react-native-ui-lib';
const KeyboardTrackingView = Keyboard.KeyboardTrackingView;
```

> If you don't need our UI solution, you can use only the `keyboard` pacakge:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to import the whole library, you can use only the `keyboard` package:  
```
